changes for March updates + march description. (#585)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/03-2020/3-keep-improving-data-quality.md

# Keep on improving your data quality
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Quality Insights, Spell-check, Data Quality" available="5th of March"
:::

## Data Quality Insights now available for variant products

> To help you measure and improve your product data quality, **our Data Quality Insights recommendations tab and grades are now available for your variant products**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you measure and improve your product data quality, **our Data Quality Insights recommendation tab and grades are now available for your variant products**.
```

> Get specific enrichment and consistency grading scores for all your product variants and quickly identify the list of attributes you need to improve for a specific variant product whether these attributes are at the common or the variants level.

Reviewer: Do we really talk about the common level?

Author: fixed thanks!

![Data Quality Insights on variant products](../img/dqi_variant_products.png)

## Easy and direct access to attributes to be improved

If you have any improvement recommendations under the Data Quality Insights tab, simply **click on your attribute to directly access it and improve it**!

![Ease data quality improvements in the PEF](../img/ease_data_quality_improvements_in_pef.png)

## Spell-check improvements

> To help always achieve a better data quality content, **spell-check and suggestions are now available on text area attributes having the rich text editor enabled** (WYSIWYG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help reach a higher data quality content yet, **spell-check and suggestions are now available on text area attributes with rich text editor enabled** (WYSIWYG).
```

> # Keep on improving your data quality

Author: ```suggestion
# Data quality improvements
```

## Data Quality Insights now available for variant products
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Data Quality Insights, Data Quality" available="5th of March" link-to-doc="../articles/improve-data-quality.html#improve-data-quality-on-variant-products"
:::

To help you measure and improve your product data quality, **our Data Quality Insights recommendation tab and grades are now available for your variant products**.

> Get specific enrichment and consistency grading scores for all your product variants and quickly identify the list of attributes you need to improve for a specific variant product whether these attributes are at the common or the variants level.

Author: ```suggestion
Get specific enrichment and consistency grading scores for all your product variants and quickly identify the list of attributes you need to improve for a specific variant product whether these attributes are at the product model or the variant level.
```
